Filename: 00919916137763(00919916137763)_20250214102815.mp3
Duration: 0 seconds
Content:
 Hello. Hello. Yeah good morning sir am I talking to Mr. Hari Prakash? Yeah good morning. Sir this is Prithvi from Satron Technologies. Thanks for picking up my call sir. This is a call regarding machine learning specialization machine learning operations specialization program. So yeah I'm just checking whether you got a chance to attend our demo session. No yeah I missed that one. Okay that's not a problem. So now our demo session is available on demand so you can start accessing through the link that I'm going to share you. So if you don't mind so let me try understanding more about you by just checking if you are a working professional. Can you pardon I didn't get you. Let's see what you spoke. No I'm just saying sir. I'm just checking if you are a working professional sir. Yeah yeah I'm working for something. Okay so may I know in which domain are you working? I was working with the aviation domain currently. Okay so sorry AV. Aviation aviation. Aviation okay okay aviation right sir. Yeah. Okay so if you don't mind me asking could you please tell me why are you looking for MLOPS? MLOPS okay. No we had a requirement for that one. Okay okay. I know this is that are processing and all for data processing analyzing and all. So for that I just I was looking on it. But it will help our process no. That's one yeah anything will be helpful or that's one. But we need to simulate some data and we have to figure out what is the right schedule all these kind of things. That is the right schedule we have to populate we have to pump up the data later we have to figure out the right route all this kind of with the mix and matches and we have to bring that one. Okay perfect. So you want to like learn because of your organization is implementing all those ML machine learning operations or automation they are doing right sir and you want to upskill also yourself? Yes yes I need to upskill also and look kind of looking for a different solution also. Okay okay. Okay understood sir perfect sir. So I'm just quickly briefing you about this program. So this is a machine learning operations specialization program. We see 360 degree course on MLOPS where we cover everything that you need to know in terms of MLOPS in this world. So this program covers machine learning operations and DevOps on multi-cloud AWS Azure like GCP and including open source tools also we cover here sir. Okay. It will be a three month program or we can say it will be a 12 weekend program and because all the classes are going to be taken on Saturday and Sunday from 7 pm to 11 pm IST sir. And it will be a 100% live session which is going to be started from 22nd February. Okay. And in this program you will be building around 28 real time industry projects across all the clouds. So all these projects will be building along with our trainer during live session. Let's see if you have or if you are facing any kind of error or any kind of bugs during the live session which couldn't be resolved in that live session. So you can attend you can join a one-on-one debugging session during weekdays according to your time convenience sir. Okay. Yes sir. So do you have any questions? How much you are charging for this course? Okay. So we are having we do have three different pricing plans we call as basic, advanced and advanced plus plan. So let's say if you are looking for only upskilling here and you want or you want to attend live session you want to attend debugging session or you want to access the recordings you can go for the basic plan which will be costing you 42 triple line sir. And if you want like support after post completion of this program so you can go either for advanced or advanced plus plan. And in this plan we do offer premium support features like bonus attendance. That means you can take two batches including February and the next batch which will be scheduled for June. Okay, sir. And additionally we're getting six months of technical job support with resume preparation. So like in the resume preparation we have three step approach. First one will be resume preparation then second one will be job portal optimization. Third will be gd decoding session. And additionally we're getting like if you are already working and you are facing any kind of problem in your job or you are stucking in your job and you need some assistance or you need any kind of consulting any kind of sample code so still you can use this job support sir. And if you are let's say if you are looking for our top most plan advanced plus plan so the difference there is instead of getting six months of technical six months of job support we'll get one year of job support. And additionally you can you get instant access to the recordings. That means you get access to our previous batch recordings immediately. That's why you don't need to wait till three months to complete this program you can get started in the next 24 hours after completing your registration. And with the recordings parallelly you can attend the live sessions also. For that we are like for advanced plan we are charging 45 triple nine. And for advanced plus we are charging 52 triple nine sir. And we are giving free upgradation also. Let's say if you are going to purchase basic plan or if you are going to enroll in basic plan so you will be upgraded to advanced plan and let's say if you are going to enroll in advanced plan you will be upgraded to advanced plus plan. Okay so what is that if suppose I take some basic plan after that I want to upgrade means what is the different is it different cost for that one. Means like first you want to enroll in basic plan and then in future you want to go with the advanced plan right sir. Yeah yeah. Okay sir as of now I have like in the basic plan like if you are going for the basic plan as of now sir. So you will have upgraded to advanced only sir like in the same cost you will be getting advanced plan sir. Oh. Yes sir. Like we are having we are running off like free upgradation that in that will be upgraded to advanced like in the same price. Okay for advanced plus plan for that one. Sorry sir. For advanced plus plan any difference is there or later it will be more or only the difference you are getting for upgradation. Means. For advanced plus yeah. Okay in advanced plan. If I feel advanced is not enough for me I want to go for advanced plus later I feel okay. So what is the extra cost you are charging. So like like as of now so let me understand like as you are asking me like I will I'm going for the basic plan but as we are giving now. Upgradation so we upgraded to advanced plan and in future if you want to go for advanced plus plan. So how much you have to pay like for it. Yeah. Yeah okay okay so actually I'm sorry for that sir because I don't have that that information as of now. But if you want that information so I'll be arranging a callback with my trainers because he is only the trainer and he will be taking the classes. So he will be having much more detailed knowledge in that like how it will be upgraded and how much he is going to charge. If you are going to change the plan in future. So okay okay. It's okay fine just for a shake of knowing I was asking it. We are putting some a big amount right. So which is the better I want to decide right. Okay suppose I'm opting for this one a huge amount and I have to upgrade as well as I have to look into some job search or that one. So it should be beneficial right. Yes sir. Yeah we have to get that package all these things is that right. Yes sir. Yes sir we have to analyze only that's what I think. Okay. He was asking. Like if you want to switch your career in like MLOps let's say if you want to go for MLOps lead position like MLOps architect or MLOps lead. So you can switch sir because we have people from technical and non-technical backgrounds. They are working in a lead position in MLOps and they are getting salary more than 50 LPAs. So yes. So for that for that thing I highly recommend our testimonials sir. Please do check we help people like some technical and non-technicals also sir. Okay actually right now I'm working as a project manager okay. Okay. I got a mention here but hopefully it is adopted only. Okay sir. All the donut platform only we are working and right now working on some head also. Upgradation we are doing it. So meanwhile this analysis also we are doing it. So that's the thing I was asking. So how the scope will be for MLOps and all. So whether because I will be a new right. Yes sir. For that one. So I am having continuous of experience also but for that domain for MLOps and all and fresher only. Correct. If I want to switch so how the salary scale will be there that's the question I am having it. After doing the course with you so how will it be helping in future if I am switching. So any package difference will be there will be go down or the same scale will get or not. So those are things is that. So for that any clarity you can give or. Oh actually sir for that because these all is little bit of technical side. Because our trader is more experience in that thing because he is the only helping the persons also to get the jobs and he's having all that is because I don't want to give any wrong information from my side. Much more detail. If you want any kind of like what is that what will the scope in future like as of now it is very booming like the machine learning data science data all those things but might be in future it will go up go down we have no idea what there will some much more like different technologies will come which is like over like come over the machine learning we have no idea. So I'm going to tell that within this one we need to scope up right. We can scale up a little bit and we can still it's scopable then we can opt for this that's why I am looking at it. And that's for that really like that's why I'm. After this one investment and we are doing this one so totally should not be different right. But the same thing we are a little bit upgrading or scaling up and all know and that's still fine so that's how it will happen right in future. But totally if it is different particular path now then it will be difficult. Okay okay okay I understood sir so that's not a problem but still like I don't like same thing I am repeating again sir because I have to begin our problem you. I'm the only one who is just like giving overview of the program if you have gone. Okay yeah I can understand no no issues. Okay so I'll for that I can arrange a call back according to your time convenience so if you whenever you are free you can tell me I will arrange a call back with my trainer sir so he will be there and he will be explaining everything in the details sir. Okay so you can tell me the time or would that be on which he should call. Okay today it's fine after an what is the time now yeah 10 40. Maybe around 12 in between 12 to 1. Okay okay sure sure sure. Okay okay so I'm arranging a callback with my trainer okay sir. Okay your good name please I forgot. Sir my name is Prithviraj Chauhan sir. Oh Prithviraj okay okay okay thank you. And meantime I'll be sharing you all the details from WhatsApp also which is having a detailed overview of our program like what are the topics what are the things and if you have any kind of questions related to the program so you can text me or you can call me on the same number sir. Sure sir okay thank you thank you thank you thank you yeah thank you.
